all right today is the February 18th
Presidents Day meeting where we may or
may not have lost our presenter
hopefully we do get a Bryan hooker go
ahead and give us a company update I've
created a small - like close it in the
chat and put into thin notes which is
useful for everyone in the IP LD world
we can basically describe your deck in a
text file and then you can insert it
into IB le Gurney's JavaScript only but
you can probably just make it somehow
work with echo I surely as well the
point is that if you try to test out
some tag it's almost a problem how do
you create this take it yeah and
probably every one or many people here
have already build their own tools and I
hope to basically finally have a - that
everyone can use
yeah that's all very cool
thanks for the update anyone else
go ahead myself there's a subset there a
few of us going to code for live and San
Jose this week so if anyone else knows
anyone who'll be there let me know or
let someone know and we can connect code
for live is a big yearly get-together
for folks who code for libraries so it's
folks who do like a large infrastructure
work think of like how the heck do you
get Stanford libraries to actually
connect with all the different things
yeah so we're looking forward to doing
some you service memory there and talk
to folks about our projects very cool
what else have anything really cool they
want a demo demos with great we should
always have more demos oh my my
communication with Brian is
to Twitter deeming him doesn't seem to
be working super well so I think in
about three more minutes we're gonna
call it quits for the day and give you
guys the rest of the rest of your Monday
back so if anyone wants to use our
remaining three minutes wisely the floor
is yours
carpenter hey Jay husband good I just
wanted to highlight a little something I
put into the notes which is this weekend
is the global legal hackathon and I'm
going to be participating in that at
Arizona State University Saturday
O'Connor College of Law and I'm going to
be highlighting a method of adding
encrypted files to IQ FS using multi
signature constructs so that files it
might be a new way to approach legal
documents and also new opportunities for
the legal community to add sort of like
escrow and Trust multi signature
functionality to to the whole legal
community so if anybody's interested in
that I put my contact information in
there and they're welcome to contact me
for updates and whatever sounds great
back in the day we used to do
introductions and I'm fairly new but
with anyone I mean I'm excited about
seeing what everyone else is doing and
getting sort of an idea of who's working
on what in general but these things
about whatever would be okay with maybe
doing a quick round the call and doing a
quick introduction let's do it why not
if you if you are willing to we'll just
kind of walk through an order but feel
free to also just like wave if you don't
want to talk that's fine okay sorry I'm
Molly I work on my PFS and product
manager kind of cross the number of
working groups but spend a lot of time
on go IP of us and local offline
communication and collaboration
volker you want to go next so am i work
on IP LD on the JavaScript side yep
that's it very nice you go I also want
I'm on the Jas side I worked on JSF BFS
and with p2p basically I'm working
between the J's core working rope and in
browsers work you know charter did you
want to work whatever your your nickname
is chowder yourself so my name is a big
recent graduate from Arizona State so
also gonna be seeing Jay at the global
legal hackathon but primarily into
wearables and sort of those kinds of
Internet of Things technologies so
thinking about it how ipfs is created
like terabyte data sets but generating
those terabyte data sets for every
person so how to sort of structure that
for yourself and also in a distributed
fashion structure that where you own
your own data and your processing and
then other people can own their own data
and processing from their private
sources and yeah that's sort of what I'm
excited about
cool
Jim you want to give an intro oh I work
on pure pad and pure bass which is sort
of like CRD T's that works together with
ipfs or the octave s team and I'm based
in my career but I'm in Portland Oregon
today so I don't find here J do you
wanna give an intro sure my name is J
carpenter and I've been following the
protocol labs and ipfs developments
since almost since the inception and I
come from naming address in a numbering
and the telecom space and I'm very
interested in naming addressing
numbering and identity and I also run
desert blockchain here in Phoenix
Arizona
we have over 1,700 members and we
definitely are ipfs and protocol lab
fans awesome cool thanks for running
that Jacob do you wanna chat sure I'm
Jacob I work on the Jo side of things
and currently on the lib p2p team widel
I'm putting Kai PFS in your web browser
maybe I'm maintaining here browser
extension like if it's combine them and
yeah I think that's in the web browser
it's interesting to me phenomenal thank
you for all your hard work there Daniel
do you wanna introduce yourself hey I'm
Daniel I'm calling you from Indonesia
where it's now 12:00 a.m. so I'm over
here on the CTO of Danny cheetah student
loans company but I think it's been a
long time crud crud apps is pretty
boring so we really really want to be
like just explore more in the space
Molly we were in CS 147 together a long
time ago I know crazy how these things
reconnect
Johnny you want to introduce yourself
yes um my real name is Jonathan Holt's
so I'm actually a doctor by training a
clinical geneticist
I also Stanford connections I'm faculty
as a physician at Stanford back in the
day and I did further training in
clinical genetics as and staff at Kaiser
Permanente for a while before going to
Vanderbilt and you and my master's and
biomedical informatics so I do a lot of
algorithm development for using
bioinformatics I have a company that
does sequencing next-gen sequencing
mostly of food testing for provenance of
track and trace and authenticity of the
supply chain management and then my own
company is transcend X which is an
interoperability where mostly for
healthcare so a cryptographic identity
is core to that as well as the
verification of the authenticity of
health records
I think this early days for healthcare
for cryptography so one of the use cases
right now is in digital rights
management so I'm an advisor to a
company called blust in Australia that
does content distribution for movies and
the digital rights management supposed
to do with that I'm an adviser to half
those and other companies as well as an
investor
Wow sounds like too much anymore I I
would imagine
be hard to find time that's a ton of
things to advise it's amazing
Michelle do you wanna give an update
Pinto
sure oh and the only Michelle I must
call right now that's pretty awesome we
didn't have a lot of Michelle's in our
space so you might also be referred to
as megahertz or but I work on ipfs I'm
helping build out our user centered
design practice I also I used to work at
NOAA doing an international estate data
exchange stuff and so my particular
specialty all that is like a large data
stewardship and how the heck we're gonna
do that across our new distributed lives
that will have yeah-oh also based in
Tucson Arizona for Arizona connections
I'm right down the road and we should
connect I travel a lot though so yeah
we'll work it out Holley introduce
yourself me I'm Alli Zilla I used to
mainly spend my time with Lydell putting
ipfs into Wes roses and now I'm a list
and my time using ipfs in web browsers
to build out the web UI and I put this
desktop which in case you haven't seen
it looks like this kind of thing it runs
in your in your desktop and it's great
and it shows you sets and lets you see
connected pins shows you what files
you've got oh yeah listen files let's
change your settings oh my god and just
for volca it lets you explore IPL D as
well one day it'll do an even better job
as soon as their hot new oak islands
we're about to release Oh dot seven a
desktop that's not exciting news which
now includes signing from both apples
and Windows so that's one fewer errors
on your install process and lots of
other things both the IP first web UI
it's about to have a hot new release of
to door 5 that's got a bunch of fixes to
file management and stuff like that
anyway if you're interested in that come
to the IP fest GUI repo and say hi
so thank you and so glad we got a demo
and that's amazing
all right we're down to the last couple
Steven do you want to introduce yourself
hey I'm stealing you public accident
exactly but I work on go express a bit
of Gilda baby that building that guy
stuff is all yeah awesome and I think we
have a Dean and then Alan and then we're
good right
Dean you want to go so I'm working
mostly on how to make sort of
collaborations or data that's that's out
there in our distributed system
personable so like working on a version
type of IP NS or that sort of thing yeah
very cool
Alan I here in a place where you can
introduce yourself please yes hi hello
I'm Alan I work on my PFS I am the lead
maintainer for JSI PFS the and I am
making the world better by building the
JavaScript implementation on my PFS
so that people can use ipfs in their own
web browsers if you're interested in Jes
core development of ipfs then there is a
J's core dev team weekly sync which
happens right after this conversation
come along I like shiny things I have a
short attention span and he writes the
best release notes of anyone in ipfs
project with so many emojis it's awesome
bringing the emoji game
awesome cool well we have we have done
intros we we know each other all a
little bit better now has that
percolated any questions or discussion
topics for anyone
you
it's gonna ask how Johnny sleeps but he
has something anyway my nickname is
Johnny crunch and comes from undergrad
in medical school cuz I had this crazy
ability to just crunch for any exam and
ace it and so I don't do that anymore
and so now actually I really enjoy my
sleep and I got two kids and so like and
I don't get as much sleep as I want to
but I'm still most chronic sleep deficit
but my question cuz I'm notorious for my
or infamous for my questioning is is
about the state of IP LD and I listening
and there's the IPL D Prime and it's
wondering Steve Steven you know or Jacob
could you talk about you know what's the
status of like you know the next version
of IPL D and is there anything any not
really announcements but just like a
road map perhaps so I feel the prime is
just a new set of interfaces for go for
making it pleasant to work with we don't
currently have any plans for like next
version of like additional types and
stuff that at the moment I believe is
basically we decide that we want to
build that on top of like an I really do
structure system yeah so that we don't
like hold back the current system
because of all these fancy features I do
want know what about resolving IP NS
directly to IP LD or the possibility
actually of resolving it with read
directly and ik within the browser I use
this on go you can now resolve IPL d dis
RBI NSI ability in JavaScript I don't
think they support the flash i field a
prediction okay so just like feature
parity is just a matter of time
yeah okay cool because I think those
might work I'm not sure because I
certainly from it like I've heavily
relying on IP LD and and there's
actually a lot of traction right now
with multi codecs multi basis and
actually in w3c now since it's actually
with working with through the IETF and
there's more weight of the standards
going to the standards process there's
still a lot of pushback right now with
any for I've seen the issues I filed a
VAT context resolving
through an IPL d-link and a distressed
struggle is the w3c wants it to be a URI
valid URI
so it's ipfs colon slash slash well that
doesn't actually work for IPL d so there
I want to publish it to ipfs because
actually could that it's
non-deterministic JSON you know super is
JSON you really want it to be
deterministic so I think we reserved the
IPL equal on flat flash yeah that would
be nice good and I think and that
actually make it traversable through
natively within IPL D so rather than
just a slash which I know the origin so
the Linux origins for the reason for the
slash and all the history of that but if
it actually can be also an IP of IPL d
colon slash slash string that is is at
par with a slash and valid that makes it
valid json-ld and makes it valid IP LD
and everything just works in an end is
all deterministic and cryptographically
verifiable yeah I believe the correct
answers just do both basically anything
that is flash proto or so job slash name
is place slash something else should
also be usable as like their name so
it's cool and flash flash something else
yeah but so maybe I can just
an issue and give that recommendation
that would be great yeah okay I'll do
that quitting the IP LD repo Thank You
Dai bill these suspects okay III PLD
specs Roger
yeah very good question I also saw a
question from Daniel kind of about how
how are we're to get involved in the
community and I think you found the
first correct place which is this is a
great place to join for you know staying
up to touch with stuff happening we tend
to have presentations from people who
are building on top of IP FS sharing
though and best practices showing how
they've done the projects that they're
working on and kind of sharing about
things there's also a ton of various
working groups and IP that space that
focus on kind of different subsets of
problems so we have the JSI PFS team we
have the NGO ipfs team which as you can
probably guess our kind of language
focused core implementations of IPs we
also have a number of kind of more
interest area working groups or like
focus area so web browsers as Lydell was
talking about that's focused on getting
IP Festa to to web browsers GUI as Olli
was mentioning that's thinking about all
of the wonderful beautiful UI is on top
of IP FS that allow you to interact with
things and kind of introspect what IP
bus is doing more effectively Barry and
Michelle was talking about with
decentralized ADA stewardship to make IP
of us work for large datasets so kind of
depends on on your focus area these are
all listed if you go to I believe it's a
PFS slash team management it'll list out
kind of all of the working group
structure is the captains that repos the
things they focus on so give that one a
read through and and that should give
you some a place to get started in
focusing on a working group that you'd
be psyched about
cool thanks me and about
we're actually now one minute away from
time so any other final questions
so cool well well then let's call it
Friday
thank you all for making such productive
use of our extra time and have a great
rest of your Monday
or Tuesday Daniel